Updates to comparisons (#7452)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-vs-ga4.mdx

import { ComparisonHeader } from 'components/ComparisonTable/header'
import { ComparisonRow } from 'components/ComparisonTable/row'

> Want to know how PostHog and Amplitude compare? If you remember nothing else, remember these two things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to know how PostHog and Google Analytics 4 (GA4) compare? If you remember nothing else, remember these two things:
```

### 2. PostHog is built for engineers

> Anyone can use PostHog – just [ask our marketing team](/blog/posthog-marketing) – but PostHog is designed to meet the needs of engineers. Our goal is to help developers [be better at product](/blog/helping-engineers-to-product). We offer both light and dark mode UIs, and power user features like custom SQL insights.

Reviewer: Same-ish point as above

> Autocapture and dark mode seems like something non-technical people would appreciate, rather than engineers.
> Engineers would care more about SDKs, simple installation for multiple integrated tools, API, HogQL, EU hosting.

> Anyone can use PostHog – just [ask our marketing team](/blog/posthog-marketing) – but PostHog is designed to meet the needs of engineers. Our goal is to help developers [be better at product](/blog/helping-engineers-to-product). We offer both light and dark mode UIs, and power user features like custom SQL insights.

Author: ```suggestion
We support all popular (and some unpopular) [SDKs](/docs/libraries), have [extensively documented APIs](/docs/api), and a [powerful SQL query builder](/docs/hogql), so you can analyze data how you want. We make it easy to [test in production](/product-engineers/testing-in-production), conduct [phased rollouts](/tutorials/phased-rollout), run [beta programs](/tutorials/public-beta-program), and so much more.
```
